.na
.nh
.TH NCXY 1 "June 1995" "Local Command"
.SH NAME
ncxy \- XY Plots netCDF data
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ncxy
[
.B\-f
.I output_file
] [
.B\-h
] [
.B\-p
.I parameter_file
] [
.B
.I data_file
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ncxy 
is an interactive netCDF data plotting tool for workstations running X11/R5
Motif 1.2.  A few of its features are:
.PP
.IP \(bu 
Plots up to 8 datasets per graph.
.IP \(bu
Allows user-defined scaling, tick marks, labels, symbols.
.IP \(bu
Offers batch mode for unattended plotting.
.IP \(bu
Provides reading and writing of parameter files during a session.
.IP \(bu
Supports PostScript printers.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.IP \fB\-h\fP
Don't run interactive, just print a hardcopy and quit (used in batch mode).
.IP \fB\-f\fP\ \fIoutput_file\fP
Write the PostScript output to file
.I output_file
rather than to a printer.  Used in conjunction with batch mode (
.B -h
).  Otherwise it is ignored.
.IP \fB\-p\fP\ \fIpararameter_file\fP
Read the parameter file 
.I parameter_file.
.IP \fIdata_file\fP
netCDF data file that conforms to the NCAR-RAF conventions.
ncplot also uses an environment variable called DATA_DIR as a
default place to locate data files.
.B atof(3)
is used to obtain values, so any
numeric notation acceptable to
.B atof(3)
is valid.
.LP
.PP
.SH GUIDE TO MENUS
.br
.sp 2

.SH File Menu
.PP
The items in the File menu allow the reading of data files from disk,
reading and writing of parameter files, and the output of the graph
to a file or printer.

In the case of an operation that will overwrite an existing file,
you will be prompted by an alert that allows you to abort the
write if you don't want the file to be overwritten.
.PP
.B New Data File
.PP
This displays a File Selection Box to select a file to read.  There
is no error checking to see if the input file is valid.  Invalid files
tend to cause a segmentation fault.  After reading a new data file,
it may be necessary to "Autoscale" the axes; this is in the operations menu.
.PP
.B Read parameter file
.PP
This diplays a File Selection Box asking for a Parameter File to
read.  Parameter files can have the following keywords:
.PP
.IP
.br
title=
.br
subtitle=
.br
xlabel=
.br
ylabel=
.br
xmin=
.br
xmax=
.br
ymin=
.br
ymax=
.br
legend=
.PP
All of these keywords are optional except xmin, xmax (defines time segment)
and legend, which define desired variables.  If ymin and ymax are missing,
.B ncplot
will autoscale that axis.  Extraneous keywords or lines are ignored.
To generate an example parameter file, run
.B ncxy,
Edit Parameters, and then Save Parameter file.

.PP
.B Write parameter file
.PP
A File Selection Box prompts for the name of the file where you want to
write the parameters.  If the file exists, the program asks for your
permission to overwrite it.
.PP
.B Save PostScript
.PP
This displays a File Selection Box prompting for the name of the file
where you want to write the PostScript output.
.TP 10
.B Print
.PP
This opens a pipe and sends PostScript commands to
.B lpr(1).
.PP
.ps +2
.SH Edit Menu
.ps -2
.PP
.B Edit Parameters
.PP
This pops up a window showing all the valid parameter file keywords
and their current values.  Editing may be performed on any of the
fields.
.PP
.B Scale Axies
.PP
This rescales the both axies according to numbers the program considers
appropriate.  These can then be changed via "Edit Parameters".
.PP
.B Toggle Grid
.PP
This places/removes a grid from the plot frame.
.PP
.B Toggle Scatter Plot
.PP
By default ncxy creates a line graph, by choosing this menu item you may
toggle between a line graph and a scatter plot.

.SH EXAMPLES

.PP
Run with no command line parameters:
.br
.in +.5i
1% ncplot
.in -.5i
.PP
Read a single data file, autoscale axes, and use default settings:
.in +.5i
.br
2% ncplot 817RF15.cdf
.in -.5i
.PP
Read a single data file and use plot parameters previously saved in the file 
"test.par":
.in +.5i
.br
3% ncplot 817RF15.cdf -p test.par
.in -.5i
.PP
Read a data file and parameter file "test.par", and only print
(non-interactive):
.in +.5i
.br
5% ncplot -h -p test2.par 817RF15.cdf
.in -.5i
.PP
Read a data file and parameter file "test.par", and save the
ouput in test.ps (non-interactive):
.in +.5i
.br
6% ncplot -h -f test.ps -p test2.par 817RF15.cdf
.in -.5i

.SH Example Parameter File
.PP
title=FSSP Concentrations
.br
subtitle=Toga-Coare Flight #15
.br
xlabel=Time
.br
ylabel=Concentrations
.br
legend=FACT_IBR,CONCF_IBR
.br
xmin=12:02:00
.br
xmax=12:10:00
.br
ymin=0
.br
ymax=100
.PP
.SH BUGS
.PP
Invalid data files will cause a core dump.  Bar graphs do not show legend
or perform bar shading on screen, these features do work to the printer.
.SH AUTHOR
Chris Webster, National Center for Atmospheric Research
