*defaultFontList:	-adobe-courier-bold-r-*-*-14-140-75-75-*-*-*-*
*titleFont:		-adobe-courier-bold-r-*-*-24-240-75-75-*-*-*-*
*subtitleFont:		-adobe-courier-bold-r-*-*-18-180-75-75-*-*-*-*
*ticFont:		-adobe-courier-bold-r-*-*-12-120-75-75-*-*-*-*
!
*parmsRC*fontList:	-adobe-courier-bold-r-*-*-12-120-75-75-*-*-*-*
*varListX*fontList:	-adobe-courier-bold-r-*-*-12-120-75-75-*-*-*-*
*varListY*fontList:	-adobe-courier-bold-r-*-*-12-120-75-75-*-*-*-*
!
*XmPushButton.height:			32
*XmTextField.background:		Burlywood
*XmTextField.foreground:		black
*XmForm.horizontalSpacing:		6
*XmForm.verticalSpacing:		6
*topLevelShell.title:			ncxy 1.3
*topLevelShell.iconName:		ncxy
*buttonFrame.shadowType:		SHADOW_IN
*buttonRC.XmPushButton.recomputeSize:	False
*buttonRC.XmPushButton.width:		130
*buttonRC.entryAlignment:		ALIGNMENT_CENTER
*buttonRC.isAligned:			True
*buttonRC.orientation:			HORIZONTAL
!
*canvas.background:			grey
*canvas.height:				700
*canvas.width:				700
!
*varListX.background:			black
*varListX.foreground:			green
*varListX.scrollBarDisplayPolicy:	STATIC
*varListX.width:			100
*varListY.background:			black
*varListY.foreground:			green
*varListY.scrollBarDisplayPolicy:	STATIC
*varListY.width:			100
!
*pgButtRC.entryAlignment:		ALIGNMENT_CENTER
*pgButtRC.orientation:			VERTICAL
*pageFwd.labelString:			Page Fwd
*pageBkd.labelString:			Page Bkd
!
ncxy*editShell.title:				Edit Parameters
ncxy*parmsForm.horizontalSpacing:		8
ncxy*parmsForm.verticalSpacing:			8
ncxy*parmsForm*buttonRC.spacing:		39
ncxy*parmsRC*XmForm.horizontalSpacing:		5
ncxy*parmsRC*XmLabel.alignment:			ALIGNMENT_END
ncxy*parmsRC*XmLabel.recomputeSize:		False
ncxy*parmsRC*XmLabel.height:			32
ncxy*parmsRC*XmLabel.width:			120
ncxy*menuBar*newData.labelString:		New Data File
ncxy*menuBar*newData.mnemonic:			N
ncxy*menuBar*newData.accelerator:		Ctrl<Key>N
ncxy*menuBar*newData.acceleratorText:		Ctrl-N
ncxy*menuBar*readParms.labelString:		Read Parms File
ncxy*menuBar*readParms.mnemonic:		R
ncxy*menuBar*readParms.accelerator:		Ctrl<Key>R
ncxy*menuBar*readParms.acceleratorText:		Ctrl-R
ncxy*menuBar*writeParms.labelString:		Write Parms File
ncxy*menuBar*writeParms.mnemonic:		W
ncxy*menuBar*writeParms.accelerator:		Ctrl<Key>W
ncxy*menuBar*writeParms.acceleratorText:	Ctrl-W
ncxy*menuBar*savePS.labelString:		Save PostScript
ncxy*menuBar*savePS.mnemonic:			S
ncxy*menuBar*savePS.accelerator:		Ctrl<Key>S
ncxy*menuBar*savePS.acceleratorText:		Ctrl-S
ncxy*menuBar*print.labelString:			Print
ncxy*menuBar*print.mnemonic:			P
ncxy*menuBar*print.accelerator:			Ctrl<Key>P
ncxy*menuBar*print.acceleratorText:		Ctrl-P
ncxy*menuBar*quit.labelString:			Quit
ncxy*menuBar*quit.mnemonic:			Q
ncxy*menuBar*quit.accelerator:			Ctrl<Key>Q
ncxy*menuBar*quit.acceleratorText:		Ctrl-Q
ncxy*menuBar*editParms.labelString:		Edit Parameters
ncxy*menuBar*editParms.mnemonic:		E
ncxy*menuBar*editParms.accelerator:		Ctrl<Key>E
ncxy*menuBar*editParms.acceleratorText:		Ctrl-E
ncxy*menuBar*autoScale.labelString:		Scale Axies
ncxy*menuBar*autoScale.mnemonic:		A
ncxy*menuBar*autoScale.accelerator:		Ctrl<Key>A
ncxy*menuBar*autoScale.acceleratorText:		Ctrl-A
ncxy*menuBar*toggleGrid.labelString:		Toggle Grid
ncxy*menuBar*toggleGrid.mnemonic:		G
ncxy*menuBar*toggleGrid.accelerator:		Ctrl<Key>G
ncxy*menuBar*toggleGrid.acceleratorText:	Ctrl-G
ncxy*menuBar*toggleScatter.labelString:		Toggle Scatter Plot
ncxy*menuBar*toggleWindBarb.labelString:	Toggle Wind Barbs
ncxy*menuBar*toggleWindBarb.mnemonic:		B
ncxy*menuBar*toggleWindBarb.accelerator:	Ctrl<Key>B
ncxy*menuBar*toggleWindBarb.acceleratorText:	Ctrl-B
ncxy*parmsRC*lbl0.labelString:			Title
ncxy*parmsRC*txt0.columns:			40
ncxy*parmsRC*txt0.maxLength:			40
ncxy*parmsRC*lbl1.labelString:			Subtitle
ncxy*parmsRC*txt1.columns:			40
ncxy*parmsRC*txt1.maxLength:			40
ncxy*parmsRC*lbl2.labelString:			X label
ncxy*parmsRC*txt2.columns:			40
ncxy*parmsRC*txt2.maxLength:			40
ncxy*parmsRC*lbl3.labelString:			Y label
ncxy*parmsRC*txt3.columns:			40
ncxy*parmsRC*txt3.maxLength:			40
ncxy*parmsRC*lbl4.labelString:			Start time
ncxy*parmsRC*txt4.columns:			16
ncxy*parmsRC*txt4.maxLength:			16
ncxy*parmsRC*lbl5.labelString:			End Time
ncxy*parmsRC*txt5.columns:			16
ncxy*parmsRC*txt5.maxLength:			16
ncxy*parmsRC*lbl6.labelString:			X min
ncxy*parmsRC*txt6.columns:			16
ncxy*parmsRC*txt6.maxLength:			16
ncxy*parmsRC*lbl7.labelString:			X max
ncxy*parmsRC*txt7.columns:			16
ncxy*parmsRC*txt7.maxLength:			16
ncxy*parmsRC*lbl8.labelString:			Y min
ncxy*parmsRC*txt8.columns:			16
ncxy*parmsRC*txt8.maxLength:			16
ncxy*parmsRC*lbl9.labelString:			Y max
ncxy*parmsRC*txt9.columns:			16
ncxy*parmsRC*txt9.maxLength:			16
!
*applyButton.labelString:			Apply
*resetButton.labelString:			Reset
*dismissButton.labelString:			Dismiss
!
!       Dialog Boxes
!
ncxy*fileBox.defaultPosition:                 FALSE
ncxy*fileBox.x:                               130
ncxy*fileBox.y:                               200
ncxy*fileBox*textColumns:                     50
ncxy*fileBox*dialogTitle:                     Select a File
ncxy*errorBox.defaultPosition:                FALSE
ncxy*errorBox.x:                              450
ncxy*errorBox.y:                              100
ncxy*errorBox*background:                     DarkSlateGray
ncxy*errorBox*dialogTitle:                    Error Message
ncxy*errorBox*foreground:                     Red
ncxy*errorBox*XmLabel.alignment:              ALIGNMENT_CENTER
ncxy*queryBox*dialogTitle:                    Need input
ncxy*queryBox*alignment:                      ALIGNMENT_CENTER
ncxy*warnBox.defaultPosition:                 FALSE
ncxy*warnBox.x:                               450
ncxy*warnBox.y:                               100
ncxy*warnBox*background:                      DarkSlateGray
ncxy*warnBox*dialogTitle:                     Warning Message
ncxy*warnBox*foreground:                      Yellow
ncxy*warnBox*XmLabel.alignment:               ALIGNMENT_CENTER
